{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Fortunaschwein;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue221;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 Thy loverly
\f1\b (
\f0\b0 ?
\f1\b )
\f0\b0  tales of Princess Fred Jr.
\f1\b *
\f0\b0 \
Written by Benjamin Daniel Celsi
\fs34 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0     \cf2    \cf0 Once upon a time, there was a lovely castle, and in it lived a lovely King, named King Fred, and a lovely Queen, named Queen Liz, and their lovely daughter, named Princess Fred Jr.  
\f2 (
\f0 She was named after the king, who had been hoping for a boy.
\f2 )
\f0   But  never the less, they led a lovely life.\
   One day, King Fred decided that it was time for Princess Fred Jr. to get married.  They searched all over the castle, but not a Prince could be found!\
   "Oh, what do we do?"  sobbed Queen Liz.\
   "This is indeed a problem,"  said King Fred.  "But I think I have a solution."\
   A nd so, the King and Queen had a son, who would marry Princess Fred Jr.  They named him Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd, and the preparations for the marriage were made!\
   "Oh, darling!"  said Queen Liz to King Fred, "What a wonderful idea you had!  Now we've saved the trouble of finding a lovely prince to marry our lovely daughter!  He's so like us, and he fits right into  the family!"\
   "Quite a lovely plan, if I say so myself!"  said King Fred.\
   "But Daddy," said Princess Fred Jr., "Isn't it illegal for me to marry my own brother?"\
   "By Gad, she's right!"  said King Fred, pulling out his BOOK OF RULES
\f2 *
\f0 .\
   "Oh, what do we do?"  sobbed Queen Liz.\
   "Don't worry, darling!  My word is law, remember?  It says right here!"  said King Fred, pointing to RULE 
\f2 #1
\f0 .  "And therefore, I change the rule!\
   "But Daddy!  Isn't he a bit young for me?  I'm 
\f2 25
\f0 , and he's a week old!  You can't get married until you're 
\f2 18
\f0 !"  said Princess Fred Jr.\
   "By Gad, she's right!"  said King Fred looking at the BOOK OF RULES
\f2 *
\f0 .\
   "Oh, what do we do?"  sobbed Queen Liz.\
   "Don't worry, darling!  My word is law, remember?  And therefore, I think I'll change that rule also!"  Said King Fred.\
   And so, the marriage happened anyway.\
   The Queen and King provided the ring, and Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd dressed up in his best outfit.  But as the ceremony began, another prince burst through the door.\
   "Oh, what do we do?"  sobbed Queen Liz.\
   "Beautiful princess, will you be my wife?"  Asked the prince, who was called Prince Guy.  Then, noticing Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd, he yelled to him, "You scoundrel!  How dare you put your hands on my future wife!  I challenge you to a sword fight!"  He pulled out his calendar book.  "...A week from Tuesday!"  he finished.\
   Sure enough, a week from Tuesday,  Prince Guy and Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd showed up at The Sword Fighting Stadium with swords, 
\f2 (
\f0 Although Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd only did it because the King and Queen had picked him up and put him there.
\f2 )\

\f0    The King, Queen, and Princess, along with the rest of the kingdom, sat in the stands, hooting excitedly.\
   Prince Guy charged at Prince Fred Jr., who was screaming his disapproval.\
   The battle was short and sour.\
   Prince Guy tripped over a rock and stabbed himself in the neck.\
   And died.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0      "Oh, what do we do?"  sobbed Queen Liz.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0    Princess Fred Jr. married Prince Fred Jr. the 
\f2 2
\f0 nd, and they all lived miserably ever after.\
  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\qc\pardirnatural

\fs70 \cf0 Thee End
\fs34 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 *
\f0 All rights reserved.}