{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 AmericanTypewriter-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 AmericanTypewriter;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dr. DaDoewizzgon:
\f1\b0 \

\fs32 And the Case of the Murder in the Garden\

\f0\b\fs26 Evidence Collected by B. D. Celsi\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0   \
   It was a excruciatingly normal evening. Dr. DaDoewizzgon was sitting in his office.  He was wearing his detective jacket and his detective hat.  This was slightly uncomfortable, since it was the middle of August, but he can't be picky.  He has to wear the detective outfit or nobody takes him seriously.\
   Speaking of people not taking things, Business had been bad the last couple weeks.  So when the phone rang, Dr. DaDoewizzgon looked up from his copy of "Wickepidia Clown", and answered it.\
   "Doctuh!  (Sniff.) Dez binna muddah!"\
   This was very appealing.  Dr. DaDoewizzgon loved murders.\
   "That will be $1,000,"  he replied.\
   "What? I'm ya n-n-n-n-n-neighbor, Mrs. Rim!"\
   This was very appalling.  Dr. DaDoewizzgon hated neighbors.\
   "I only do quality business, lady."\
   "(Sniff.)"\
   "That sniff is an extra $50."\
   "Okay!  I'll p-p-pay!  (Sob.)"\
   Dr. DeDoewizzgon stroked his beard knowingly.\
   "I'll be right over, lady."\
   In 2 hours, Dr. DaDoewizzgon, who had stopped at a bar, knocked on the Rim's door.\
   "Doctuh!  (Sob.) I-"\
   "Shut up!  Every sob is an extra $100!"\
   "Doctuh... I-I-I-I-I, guess I'll (Sob) Show you duh muddah s-s-scene..."\
   Mrs. Rim led Dr. DaDoewizzgon through the house and into the backyard, which was only a cramped lawn surrounded by a concrete wall.  Something was missing.\
   "Where's the dead guy?"  He asked.  Mrs. Rim led Dr. DaDoewizzgon to a squashed dandelion in the middle of the lawn, and started to sob uncontrollably.\
   "Dis w-was my best (Sniff) dandelion e-e-e-EVER!  (Sob!) And s-s-s-somebody s-s-s-squashed it!\
   "WHAT?!  THIS ISN'T A MURDER!!  THIS IS A WEED!!"\
   "It is not!  Izza muddah!"\
   "It's a weed!"\
   "Muddah!"\
   "Weed!"\
   "Muddah!"\
   "Okay!  Whatever!  It's a 'muddah'!  I'll figure out who did it if you pay me..."  Dr. DaDoewizzgon tallied up the sniffs and sobs.  "...$1,550!"\
   "I-I-I-(Sniff-)"\
   "Make that $1,600!"\
   "Okay alredy!  (Sniff.)  I'll p-p-pay!  (Sob.)"\
   "Who else lves here?"\
   "M' husband Jim, m' son Tim, m' mom Kim, and m' cat slim."\
   "Round them up!  They are the suspects!"  Mrs. Rim hurried away.  It was clue finding time.  Dr. DaDoewizzgon noted that that time was 4:42 pm.  He also found a picture on the wall of a dandelion.  There was mud on the carpet, and grass on the floor.  There was a glass of milk on the table.  These clues might be helpful later in the story.  (Hint hint hint!)\
   Mrs. Rim came back into the room with a very old woman, a very grouchy man, a very little kid, and a very fat cat.\
   "Ahem!  I have reason to believe that one of you..."  Dr DaDoewizzgon paused mysteriously-  "Squashed Mrs. Rim's Best dandelion!"  An uproar abruptly arose.  "SILENCE!"  Said Dr. DaDoewizzgon.  "I do not tolerate abruptly arising uproars!  Those who help this abominable ruckus arise are under arrest!"  The abominably abrupt and arousing arising of this anti-uproar speech involving arrests made the abominable ruckus retire and reside remarkably abruptly.  "That's better!  said Dr. DaDoewizzgon.  "Now I will ask you a variety of questions.  Kim Rim!  What were you doing all day?\
   "I-I-I-I....room.  (Gasp.)  Eating... toast.  R-Room. In room.  (Gasp.)\
   "Stop gasping!  Every gasp is an extra $150.  Slim!  What were you doing all day?\
   Slim yawned.\
   "Stop yawning!  Every yawn is an extra $200!  Jim?  What about you?"\
   "This morning I went to the bar (grunt ) 'n then I cme home 'n took a nap."\
   "Stop grunting!  Every grunt is an extra $250!  Tim!  What were you doing all day?"\
   "Dis mowning I went to kindewgartn!  I go to Warry ewementewy schoow."\
   "Stop saying the W sound!  Every W sound is an extra $300!"\
   Dr. DaDoewizzgon went into deep think mode.\
   For 3 hours.  "Aha!"  He reasoned eventually.  I need beer to clear up my mind!"  Dr. DaDoewizzgon staggered into the bar.  While he's clearing up his mind, can you figure out what happened before he does and win $4,000?  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 WHO SQUASHED IT?\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 ANSWER:\
At the beginning of the story we mention that it's the middle of August.  Yet Tim Rim states that he went to Ewementawy schoow that morning!  (The glass of milk and the picture ant stuff were just to throw you off.)}