{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 AmericanTypewriter-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 AmericanTypewriter;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 3
\f1\b0    \

\f0\b Dr. DaDoewizzgon
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\fs34 \cf0 And the Case of the Suspected Suicide\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Evidence collected by B. D. Celsi\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0    Dr. DaDoewizzgon was walking down the street when he saw his old arch rival, Robin Wallettes, the french crook who was famous for stealing wallets, as well as an asortment of other things.  Determined to get even, Dr. DaDoewizzgon pulled out his notebook and decided to do some spying.  He followed Wallettes down the street until Wallettes entered his house.  Dr. DaDoewizzgon ran around to the back of the house and attempted to look in the window.  But before he could even say "Peekaboo," there was a loud bang and a scream from upstairs.  Dr. DaDoewizzgon ran back to the front door and burst in.  He looked around, but didn't see anyone.  He started up the stairs.  All of sudden Robin Wallettes came walking dwn the stairs.  When he saw Dr.. DaDoewizzgon, he looked very surprised, and then sniffed.\
   "Vott in earth's fame are you doing here?  You are but a zeniveling detective!  And I 'aven't even called zee police yet!  Go avay!"  Robin Wallettes walked over to the phone and stated to call the police.\
   "Now, wait just one second!"  Said Dr. DaDoewizzgon, who wasn't going to let himself go this far in the story without saying anything, but it was to late.  Robin Wallettes was already talking on the phone.\
   "Yes!  It vozz my vife, Stolan Vallettes- Vallettes vith a W, she 'az keeled 'erself!  Yes, zere eez zee zuizide note, it eez v-"  Dr. DaDoewizzgon had had enough.  He snatched the phone from Wallettes.\
   "This is Dr. DaDoewizzgon.  I would like to remind you that Robin Wallettes has a criminal record and cannot be trusted.  You don't need to come over, I have everything under control.  I have Wallettes under my supervision right now, but he may be dangerous.  Goodbye."\
   Dr. DaDoewizzgon pulled out his Long Shot automatic and told Wallettes to put his hands up.  They walked upsairs.  When they got up\
  \
\
I- it- OW!!  May sorrow be isn't!!}